we caught up with our new couples of
2011 for that first reactions do you
know wide that the weighting of finding
out of hoover dam to it is just torture
absolutely delighted to be paired with
James I mean I kind of had narrowed it
down to about three but then during the
course of the show some of the decisions
and some of the parents were kind of out
of the blue
really the lights obviously you know the
public's favorite see different classic
pastor things has went before fantastic
found out the lineup of this netbook oh
I just wish I had Jason so the spraying
really hard so guide on thermo craters
but to be perfectly honest I had my eye
on Russell believe it or not I kind of
seen you in rehearsals I'd heard very
early on that you possibly might be
doing this show and I thought that me
Liam together woods being pretty
hilarious I'm very excited that night
it's a a lot of pressure BAM
they're happy I really excited to be
paired up with Chelsea because that girl
came home Fox's gonna have quick beats
even though he's big he's absolutely was
so graceful I was very pleased because
they know that he's very sweet
which I love Lulu and I are both in a
state of shock as it happens right now
have it's a good thing I must say we're
kind of I don't think either of us
expected in fact it was probably the
least likely first night's things to be
paired it live trusted me with a really
great dancer great international gonna
so five times Italian champion great
choreographer and a thoroughly nice
fuchsias anything I prayed
there are results in the drawer and
someone was listening I am so excited
you're not just saying that I thoroughly
mean it
I think you could tell by my reaction
when NATO as an axe is my partner it was
just so real I was so excited and it's
gonna be amazing and I can't wait